doc(v1.10.0): note for v1beta2 CRD manually migration (#1211)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.10.0/important-notes/_index.md

kubectl get crd -l app.kubernetes.io/name=longhorn -o=jsonpath='{range .items[*]}{.metadata.name}{": "}{.status.storedVersions}{"\n"}{end}'
```

All CRDs should contains only `"v1beta2"` before v1.10.x upgrade. Here is the expected example output:

```
backingimagedatasources.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
backingimagemanagers.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
backingimages.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
backupbackingimages.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
backups.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
backuptargets.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
backupvolumes.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
engineimages.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
engines.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
instancemanagers.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
nodes.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
orphans.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
recurringjobs.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
replicas.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
settings.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
sharemanagers.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
snapshots.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
supportbundles.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
systembackups.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
systemrestores.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
volumeattachments.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
volumes.longhorn.io: ["v1beta2"]
```

With these steps completed, the Longhorn upgrade to v1.10 should now proceed without issues.

> ### Troubleshoot CRD Migration Failure After Upgrading Longhorn v1.10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Troubleshooting CRD Upgrade Failures During Upgrade to Longhorn v1.10
```

```

To fix this issue, you need to perform a forced downgrade of Longhorn to the original v1.9.x version, which is the version that was running in your cluster before the failed upgrade. If Longhorn was installed using `kubectl`, you must patch the `current-longhorn-version` before downgrading. For example, to downgrade to v1.9.1:

```bash
# attaching annotation to allow patching current-longhorn-version
kubectl patch settings.longhorn.io current-longhorn-version -n longhorn-system --type=merge -p='{"metadata":{"annotations":{"longhorn.io/update-setting-from-longhorn":""}}}'
# temporarily override current version to allow old version installation
kubectl patch settings.longhorn.io current-longhorn-version -n longhorn-system --type=merge -p='{"value":"v1.9.1"}'
```

> After modified `current-longhorn-version`, install the original v1.9.x Longhorn version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After modifying `current-longhorn-version`, downgrade to the original Longhorn v1.9.x.
```

> To Helm chart installation, downgrade is allowed with [`preUpgradeChecker.upgradeVersionCheck`](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/tree/v1.9.x/chart#other-settings) disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a Helm chart installation, a downgrade is allowed if [preUpgradeChecker.upgradeVersionCheck](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/tree/v1.9.x/chart#other-settings)
 is disabled.
```
